

# Tasks
- Revamp industry analyst to use multiple searches, pure agentic, minduful of the Date (HIGH P)
- Data cut off time
- Technical name for data generated by: SA1, SA2, SA3
- Real Competitive intel
- What makes a great intel?

- FA agent: Add gross margin trends for Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4
- Agents: Remove <Think>
- Normalize data: Translation to english
- Financial Reports: OCR -> Give agent browser and vision access to view the extracted images

- add more data to FA agent (4 quarters reports, 4 quarters earning calls) ✅
- remove citations from perplexity, Ind Analyst 

# TTC (Things To Consider)
- There might not always be opportunities. Would depend how much a company believes in offloading the task.
- What is our goal: to enable them to land to the right doors
- How will we keep going; How will this be repeated; reports are quarterly; how would we keep bringing new actionable insights?


# Approach 1
- Different agents responsible for extracting data from sources.
- Those agents are not aware the larger context.
- One final AI that would then make sense of all these info and would give out opportunities.


- Get the finance data in text form - either from PDF or edgar xml
(Easy/Hard) - Take 5mins to figure (took longer)



# Approach 2
- Different agents tasked to extract information from different sources.
- All the agents are contextually aware that this information would be used then used to make a report.
- There is a final agent which will take all this info and make a final report.


# Approach 3
- Different agents tasked to extract information from different sources.
- All the agents are derriving 'opportunities' from their own sources.
- All this is passed to a final agent that verifies and generates the final report.



## The High Touch Handbook:
1. Create a GDrive folder for each account.
2. Create a file named metadata.txt in the following format:
```
name: <name>
url: <url>
logo_url: <logo_url>
industry: <industry>

```

3. Get the financials -> 10q, 10k, earnings call transcripts.
 - https://quartr.com/pricing
 - https://www.edmundsec.com/
 - https://www.sec.gov/search-filings/edgar-application (MESSY)
 - GET CIK no. from the lookup
 - Get latest 10q, 10k, 20F from the CIK no.
 - Get detailed file



4. Get the jobs data.

5. Scrape Case Studies of client (if not already)

